modularization/features/currencyconveter/data/room/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.data.room.AppDatabase_Impl
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.data.room.AppDatabase_Impl$1
modularization/features/currencyconveter/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.DataBinderMapperImpl
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
modularization/features/currencyconveter/databinding/MainFragmentBindingImpl.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.MainFragmentBindingImpl
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.MainFragmentBindingImpl$1
modularization/features/currencyconveter/ui/home/HomeViewModel_Factory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.ui.home.HomeViewModel_Factory
modularization/features/currencyconveter/databinding/ItemSpinnerCurrencyBinding.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.ItemSpinnerCurrencyBinding
modularization/features/currencyconveter/databinding/MainFragmentBinding.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.MainFragmentBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/nz/anand/network/BR.java
 com.nz.anand.network.BR
modularization/features/currencyconveter/di/modules/RoomModule_ProvidesRateDaoFactory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.modules.RoomModule_ProvidesRateDaoFactory
com/nz/anand/mvvmlibrary/BR.java
 com.nz.anand.mvvmlibrary.BR
com/nz/anand/paypaytechnicalassessment/libraries/actions/BR.java
 com.nz.anand.paypaytechnicalassessment.libraries.actions.BR
modularization/features/currencyconveter/di/modules/RoomModule_ProvidesRoomDatabaseFactory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.modules.RoomModule_ProvidesRoomDatabaseFactory
modularization/features/currencyconveter/BR.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.BR
modularization/features/currencyconveter/data/room/RateDao_Impl.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.data.room.RateDao_Impl
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.data.room.RateDao_Impl$1
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.data.room.RateDao_Impl$2
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.data.room.RateDao_Impl$3
modularization/features/currencyconveter/ui/home/HomeFragment_MembersInjector.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.ui.home.HomeFragment_MembersInjector
modularization/features/currencyconveter/di/modules/ApiModule_ProvideCurrencyServiceFactory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.modules.ApiModule_ProvideCurrencyServiceFactory
modularization/features/currencyconveter/databinding/ItemCurrencyCardBinding.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.ItemCurrencyCardBinding
modularization/features/currencyconveter/di/modules/SharedPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.modules.SharedPreferencesModule_ProvidesSharedPreferencesFactory
modularization/features/currencyconveter/ui/ViewModelFactory_Factory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.ui.ViewModelFactory_Factory
modularization/features/currencyconveter/BuildConfig.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.BuildConfig
modularization/features/currencyconveter/databinding/ItemCurrencyCardBindingImpl.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.ItemCurrencyCardBindingImpl
modularization/features/currencyconveter/databinding/MainActivityBinding.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.MainActivityBinding
modularization/ui_components/BR.java
 modularization.ui_components.BR
modularization/features/currencyconveter/databinding/ItemSpinnerCurrencyBindingImpl.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.databinding.ItemSpinnerCurrencyBindingImpl
modularization/features/currencyconveter/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.DataBindingTriggerClass
modularization/features/currencyconveter/di/components/DaggerAppComponent.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.components.DaggerAppComponent
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.components.DaggerAppComponent$1
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.components.DaggerAppComponent$Builder
modularization/features/currencyconveter/data/repositories/Repository_Factory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.data.repositories.Repository_Factory
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
modularization/features/currencyconveter/di/modules/ApiModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory.java
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.modules.ApiModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory
 modularization.features.currencyconveter.di.modules.ApiModule_ProvideRetrofitFactory$InstanceHolder
